---
layout: post
title:  "Mission Email - Week 1"
date:   2022-06-04 17:15:05 -0700
categories: mission
---
Hello friends and family!

I can't believe an entire week has already passed at the MTC! It has been a rollercoaster ride of emotions this past week. There have definitely been some hard moments this week where I felt overwhelmed and inadequate, but overall it has been absolutely amazing! The MTC classes have been so inspiring and my district is really nice. I love that I get to spend so much time in the scriptures and it is so inspiring hearing the insights of the other missionaries in my class!

Like I said earlier, there were times when I felt inadequate. I am not naturally a good teacher in my opinion and they had me and my companion start teaching after only 3 days of being in the MTC! I was nervous and those negative feelings kept on coming. I have been studying and pondering about this and it is really cool because there have been so many times when I felt strengthened by the Lord through the scriptures and prayer. There was one experience I had when we opened to a random page in the Book of Mormon to study for a little bit. It was amazing because it was exactly what I needed to hear! I was wondering how I could possibly teach others if I jumble my words and can't get my thoughts out clearly, and the chapter I opened to was in 2 Nephi 32. It talks about how we can speak with the tongue of angels with help from the Lord. It was a testimony to me that the Lord hears my prayers and that He knows me and loves me.

Anyways, I would share all of the amazing things I have learned over the past week, but there are too many! I had so many cool experiences in these classes and I have grown so much already! I can't wait to learn more in the MTC over the next two weeks!

Thank you for all of your support and for your prayers! I really appreciate it! Feel free to send me emails! I will try my best to answer when I can on my preparation days!

-Sister Jensen