---
layout: post
title:  "Peacemaker Talk 7/22"
date:   2022-07-25 10:42:00 -070
categories: mission
---
Here is my talk from last Sunday! I had this written on paper and quickly typed it out on my phone, so it might have problems like grammar or incomplete thoughts. Hope you enjoy!


Hello brothers and sisters, I'm so excited to speak to you today to talk about how we can be peacemakers. Peace is something everyone seems to search for yet have a hard time finding. Peace is especially hard to find when schedules are overbooked, stress is high, contention is abundant, and life isn't going where you want it to go. During these hard times, it is especially important that we become peacemakers to bring a little more peace into our lives as well as the lives of others. As I prepared for this talk, I thought of 3 ways we can become peacemakers.

The first way we can become peacemakers is to turn to the source of peace: Jesus Christ. I love the story in the New Testament when Christ was on a boat with his disciples. The boat ended up in the middle of a storm and the disciples were afraid of downing in the water. They asked Jesus to help them, and Jesus said peace, be still. The wind ceased, and there was a great calm. Just like this story, the Savior can calm the spiritual storms in our lives and help us have peace in our lives. I have experienced this kind of peace many times in my life when I turn to the Lord in prayer. One time in particular, I was having a really hard time. I had so many things on my plate and I was feeling stressed. On top of that, my class got out late, so I had to rush to my next appointment. I was at the point where I just wanted to lay on the floor and cry. Later that day, I had an appointment to go to the temple. I walked in feeling anything but peace. Once I sat down, I started to pray to Heavenly Father earnestly to ask for peace. I opened up my scriptures and happened to open right to the scripture John 14:27 which says "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid." I was overcome with emotion and peace, and I said a prayer of gratitude for the peace the Lord had given me. I know from this experience and other experiences that when we turn to the Lord in prayer and follow him, he can give us peace that no other source in the world can give.

We can also be peacemakers by becoming more Christlike. Jesus was the perfect example of being a peacemaker. He loved everyone around Him despite their actions. In 1 Nephi 19:9 it says "And the world, because of their iniquity, shall judge him to be a thing of naught; wherefore they scourge him, and he suffereth it; and they smite him, and he suffereth it. Yea, they spit upon him, and he suffereth it, because of his loving kindness and his long-suffering towards the children of men." Even while hanging on the cross in pain, His concern was to have one of his disciples take care of His mother and to forgive those who had crucified Him. When we love, forgive, and have patience and meekness, we promote peace through our example.

Sometimes being a peacemaker sounds daunting as this works is being more and more deprived of peace and it is a challenge to love and forgive those who may have hurt us, but the Savior promises in 3 Nephi 12:9 and Matthew 5:9 that "blessed are all the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God". We are all spiritually born of God, but being called the children of God in this way is different. Elder Neil L. Anderson explains in his talk "Following Jesus: Being a Peacemaker" from the April 2022 General conference that "every person on earth is the 'offspring' of God, but to be called the 'children of God' means much, and much more. As we come unto Jesus Christ and make covenants with Him, we become 'His seed' and 'heirs of the kingdom' children of Christ, his son's, and his daughters." As we become peacemakers, we have a potential to become more like Christ and inherit all Heavenly Father has in store for us.

I know that as we seek personal peace through Christ and strive to become more like Him, we can be better peacemakers and we will be blessed because of it. I know that Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ love each of us perfectly and infinitely and that They want us to have peace and joy in our lives. I know that as we rely on Christ atoning sacrifice that we can find this peace and joy. I am so grateful that I have a Savior, and I know that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is true and that His gospel or the doctrine of Christ is the only way to find Everlasting happiness and eternal Joy, and I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ amen.
